STALE-BOT.md: Mention github not notifying (#106484)
NixOS/nixpkgs: .github/STALE-BOT.md

## Suggestions for PRs

> 1. GitHub sometimes doesn't notify people who commented / reviewed a PR previously, when you (force) push committs. If you have addressed the reviews you can [officially ask for a review](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/requesting-a-pull-request-review) from those who commentted to you or anyone else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. GitHub sometimes doesn't notify people who commented / reviewed a PR previously, when you (force) push commits. If you have addressed the reviews you can [officially ask for a review](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/requesting-a-pull-request-review) from those who commented to you or anyone else.
```
